W-22034718 run super agent on af-*  files (#616)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-troubleshoot-agent-networks.adoc

= Troubleshoot Agent Networks
:page-aliases: af-troubleshoot-anypoint-code-builder.adoc

> Resolve common agent network errors and connectivity issues by enabling verbose logging, message logging policies, and distributed tracing. Using logs and distributed traces, you can observe agent and MCP server and see how requests flow through brokers, which tools and policies apply, and where failures or latency originate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolve common agent network errors and connectivity issues by enabling verbose logging, message logging policies, and distributed tracing. Using logs and distributed traces, you can observe agents and MCP servers and see how requests flow through brokers, which tools and policies apply, and where failures or latency originate.
```

Reviewer: ? Seems like either the s was missing or maybe there's a word missing?

[NOTE]

> Use Agent Visualizer to xref:agent-visualizer::troubleshoot-agent-network.adoc[view metrics, logs, and traces] for your agents and MCP servers in your network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Agent Visualizer to xref:agent-visualizer::troubleshoot-agent-network.adoc[view metrics, logs, and traces] for agents and MCP servers in your network.
```

. The agent card URL is incorrect. In this case:
+
* Check that the URL you set on the connection ends with a `/`.
* Use a browser or Postman to request the agent card URL by appending `.well-known/agent-card.json` to the connection URL, for example, `https://ping-id-agent-url/pingid/.well-known/agent-card.json`.
. The A2A agent is not configured to use A2A protocol version 0.3.0. In this case:
+

> * If you created the agent with MuleSoft, verify that you are using the A2A connector version 0.4.0 or later.

Reviewer: Are we talking about the MuleSoft A2A Connector? If so, it should be Anypoint Connector for A2A (A2A Connector). That version was a beta version, too. I wonder if it should be updated to 1.0 or later.
